const politeStatements = [
      "Thank you so much for your patience! We’re almost there, and we truly appreciate your understanding while we make sure everything is perfectly prepared for you.",
      "You’re doing an amazing job waiting! We’re just about finished, and your patience means so much to us. Thank you for sticking with us as we wrap things up.",
      "We sincerely appreciate your patience during this time. Rest assured, we’re giving this our full attention to ensure that everything is done just right for you.",
      "Hang tight a little bit longer! The results are coming soon, and we’re grateful for your understanding as we finalize everything to make it as good as possible for you.",
      "We truly appreciate you waiting. Every detail is being carefully crafted to ensure everything is perfect when it’s ready, and we thank you for being so patient with us.",
      "We’re just putting the finishing touches on everything, and we couldn’t do it without your patience. Thanks for sticking with us as we complete the final steps of this process.",
      "Your patience means so much to us! We are just about there, and we appreciate you waiting while we make sure everything is exactly how it should be. We’ll be with you shortly.",
      "You’ve been amazing, and we’re almost done! Thank you so much for your patience – we’ll have everything ready for you shortly, and we can’t wait for you to experience it.",
      "Good things really do take time, and we’re ensuring that your experience is absolutely worth the wait. Your patience has been incredible, and we truly appreciate it.",
      "You’re incredibly patient, and we want to thank you from the bottom of our hearts. We’re wrapping things up now, and we’ll be ready for you in no time at all.",
      "We can’t thank you enough for your patience! We’re taking extra care to make sure everything is perfect behind the scenes, and we’re almost ready to share the results with you.",
      "Almost there! You’ve been such a wonderful sport through this process, and we’re deeply grateful for your patience as we make the final adjustments. Thank you for waiting so patiently.",
      "Everything is coming together beautifully, and we can’t thank you enough for your patience while we work through the final details. We’ll be all set for you shortly!",
      "We’re working hard to put together something truly special for you, and we greatly appreciate your understanding and patience as we make sure everything is just right before we share it.",
      "You’re almost there! Thank you so much for sticking with us. We’re just finishing the last touches, and your patience is truly appreciated as we wrap everything up.",
      "Thank you for your patience! We’re so close to being done, and we want to make sure everything is just perfect for you. We appreciate your understanding and trust in the process.",
      "Your understanding and patience mean the world to us. We’re making sure every detail is in place, and we’ll be ready for you in just a few more moments. Thanks for sticking with us.",
      "You're doing such a great job waiting, and we want to acknowledge how wonderful your patience has been. We are so grateful to have you with us and will be finished shortly.",
      "We truly appreciate your patience and want to reassure you that we're working hard to get everything right. It won’t be much longer now – we’re almost ready for you!",
      "We’re getting closer and closer to the finish line, and we couldn’t have done it without your patience. Thank you for your understanding while we finalize everything to make it perfect.",
      "Thank you for your continued patience. We know waiting isn't always easy, but your understanding and kindness have been amazing, and we’re almost finished preparing everything for you.",
      "Your patience has been truly remarkable, and we want to express our heartfelt thanks. We’re wrapping up everything now, and we’ll be ready for you very soon. Thanks again for waiting!",
      "Almost there! You’ve been so patient and understanding, and we are incredibly grateful for your trust as we make the final preparations to ensure everything is just right.",
      "We’re so close to finishing, and your patience has been such a wonderful part of this experience. We’re putting everything together with great care, and we’ll be ready shortly.",
      "Your patience has been nothing short of amazing, and we want to take a moment to thank you for waiting. We are just finishing up the last details and will be ready for you soon.",
      "Thank you for your incredible patience! We’re putting together something truly special for you, and it will be worth the wait. We appreciate you sticking with us through this process.",
      "We understand that waiting can be tough, but we want to assure you that every moment has been worth it. We are almost done, and we truly appreciate your kindness and patience."
    ];


















const politeStatements = [
  "Thank you for your patience! We’re almost there and truly appreciate your understanding.",
  "You’re doing great! We’re wrapping up and grateful for your patience.",
  "We appreciate your patience! We’re giving this our full attention.",
  "Hang tight! We’re finalizing things and appreciate your understanding.",
  "Thanks for waiting! We’re making sure everything is just right.",
  "We’re almost done! Your patience means a lot to us.",
  "Your patience is amazing! We’ll be with you shortly.",
  "We’re just about there! Thanks for sticking with us.",
  "Good things take time! We appreciate your patience.",
  "You’ve been wonderful! We’ll be ready in no time.",
  "Thanks for waiting! We’re taking extra care behind the scenes.",
  "Almost there! We truly appreciate your patience.",
  "Everything’s coming together! Thanks for waiting.",
  "We’re working hard to make this special. Thanks for your patience!",
  "Just a little longer! We appreciate you sticking with us.",
  "We’re so close! Thanks for trusting the process.",
  "Your patience means the world to us! Almost ready.",
  "You’ve been so patient! We truly appreciate it.",
  "We’re almost ready! Thanks for your understanding.",
  "Getting closer! Your patience makes all the difference.",
  "Thank you for waiting! We’re finishing up now.",
  "You’ve been amazing! Just a few more moments.",
  "Thanks for trusting us! We’ll be ready soon.",
  "We’re wrapping things up! Your patience is truly appreciated.",
  "Almost there! Thanks for your understanding.",
  "So close! We appreciate your kindness and patience.",
  "Your patience is remarkable! We’re nearly finished.",
  "Thank you for sticking with us! We’re almost done.",
  "We appreciate your patience! It’ll be worth the wait."
];
